XSTest Benchmark Implementation | ASET - Arcadia Impact (#288)
UKGovernmentBEIS/inspect_ai: benchmarks/xstest/README.md

# XSTest

> [RACE](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.01263) is a benchmark for identifying exaggerated safety behaviours in LLM's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[XSTest](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.01263) is a benchmark for identifying exaggerated safety behaviours in LLM's. It comprises 250 safe prompts across ten prompt types that well-calibrated models should not refuse to comply with, and 200 unsafe prompts as contrasts that models, for most applications, should refuse.
```
